hello YouTube he'll be bringing you a 31
and nine team the feather gameplay on
the map underground my setup is the mp7
with silencer and rapid fire I'm using
sleight of hand pro assassin pro and
steady aim pro I'm using a very basic
three four and five killstreak setup UAV
care package and predator you may be
thinking it's a bit movie but i just
wanted to change it up a bit and cooking
some challenges by the way guys if you
would like to see any specific set set
ups or game types simply leave a comment
below telling what telling me what perks
run in game mode you would like to see
you can also give me some video
suggestions now we'll try them out I've
also been getting a lot of messages from
other commentators well not big
commentators but just ones like myself I
want to do a dual commentary so I'm
looking into that I'm actually going to
be doing one soon with my friend gb
hounds you can add them on PSN um the
first step out like to give you I'm
doing well and Tim defender is that and
should always have the flag or at least
have a member of your team can put the
flag somewhere in a safe spot or they
can't get killed and lose it the reason
I say this is that is more efficient and
effective when your team has a flag even
though you can still get points for
kills when you don't have the flag
having the flag is extra also you get
double XP which is a big help for those
who want to prestige the second tip rod
like to give you is use a trophy system
always use the trophy system whether you
have the flag or you're defending
someone with the flag because in team
defender every time the enemy team gets
a kill streak and you have the flag it's
guaranteed to come towards you for
example if an enemy guy has a predator
missile and you have the flag on the
outside of the map somewhere in the
corner just chillin if they see you
they're definitely going to go for you
because that means
that you will die and dirty you'll have
an opportunity and getting a flag the
third tip I'd like to give you is use
extreme conditioning it really helps a
lot if you're trying to get away quickly
with a flag well guys that is pretty
much it for tips and tricks with team
defender if you'd like to see any more
tips and tricks videos you simply
message me and i'll be sure to post a
lot more be sure to check out the two
videos in the video menu at the end of
this video remember to leave a comment
give me a thumbs up and subscribe peace
out guys enjoy the rest of the clip also
right before I go please be sure to add
me on PSN that is el i 5t kid just the
same as my username on youtube so be
sure to add me or simply message me if
you would like to play together peace
granny practice only men
you